(GH-2815) Support plan-hierarchy lookups on the CLI (#2859)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/hiera.md

## Look up data from the command line

You can use the `bolt lookup` command and `Invoke-BoltLookup` PowerShell cmdlet

> to look up Hiera data from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to look up Hiera data from the command line. By default, Bolt uses the `hierarchy`
key in your `hiera.yaml` file to look up data and performs the lookup inside an apply
block. If you need to look up data outside of an apply block, see
[Outside apply blocks](#outside-apply-blocks).
```

> ### Lookup up data from hierarchy key

Reviewer: We don't mention the hierarchy key in this section outside of the section title. We've told the reader to learn more about Hiera and linked off to the Hiera docs, but I think we should add some references to where the hierarchy key is. I'll look for some opportunities do that below.

This command line section is a little difficult to parse right now because we've added a section on the `plan_hierarchy` key, but that key is only explained later in the plans section. The `plan_hierarchy` key was mentioned in a note that we're removing here, and I think I just missed this last time I reviewed. I think we should:
- Move the `plan_hierarchy` lookup section under "Look up data in plans" (It can probably just go right at the end).
- Add a sentence to the end of the "Look up data from the command line" section that says something like: "To look up data outside an apply block in a Bolt plan, see..."
- Remove this section title (I added a piece above that should send users in the right direction if they're 
   looking for info on lookups outside apply blocks

> ### Lookup up data from hierarchy key

Author: Mmk, I really don't like the titles I gave the subheadings of `Look up data on the command line`, but I'm not sure if it's better to continue the theme of 'inside apply blocks / outside apply blocks' or to use more correct language around target context vs. plan context (or to even just say "from hierarchy" and "from plan_hierarchy")

Ran on 2 targets
```

> ### Look up data from plan_hierarchy key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Command line lookups outside apply blocks
```

> When passed `--plan-hierarchy`, the `lookup` command will look up data from Hiera's
> [plan_hierarchy](#outside-apply-blocks) key. This mimics performing a lookup outside an apply block
> in a Bolt plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To look up data from Hiera's `plan_hierarchy` key, use the `lookup` command with
the `--plan-hierarchy` option.  This mimics performing a lookup outside an apply block
in a Bolt plan.
```

> Because `plan_hierarchy` values are not specific to individual targets this command will perform
> just one lookup and return the bare value. The `--plan-hierarchy` option is cannot be passed in
> addition to `--targets`, `--rerun`, or `--query`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because `plan_hierarchy` values are not specific to individual targets, this command performs
just one lookup and returns the bare value. You can't use the `--plan-hierarchy` option
with the `--targets`, `--rerun`, or `--query` options.
```

> If your `plan_hierarchy` contains [interpolations from plan variables](#todo) you can pass values to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your `plan_hierarchy` contains [interpolations from plan variables](#todo), you can pass values to
```
Also pinging the #todo here :D

> interpolate to `lookup` like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interpolate to `lookup`:
```

```powershell
Invoke-BoltLooup -Key 'password' -Targets 'windows_target,ubuntu_target'
```

Bolt prints the value for the key to the console:

```shell
Starting: install puppet and gather facts on windows_target, ubuntu_target
Finished: install puppet and gather facts with 0 failures in 6.7 sec
Finished on windows_target:
  Bolt!
Finished on ubuntu_target:
  Puppet!
Successful on 2 targets: windows_target, ubuntu_target
Ran on 2 targets
```

### With plan context (outside apply blocks)

To look up data from Hiera's `plan_hierarchy` key, use the `lookup` command with
the `--plan-hierarchy` option.  This mimics performing a lookup outside an apply block
in a Bolt plan.

Because `plan_hierarchy` values are not specific to individual targets, this command performs
just one lookup and returns the bare value. You can't use the `--plan-hierarchy` option
with the `--targets`, `--rerun`, or `--query` options.

If your `plan_hierarchy` contains [interpolations from plan
variables](#interpolations-outside-apply-blocks), you can pass values to interpolate to `lookup`:

_\*nix shell command_
```
bolt lookup key --plan-hierarchy plan_var=interpolate_me
```

_PowerShell cmdlet_
```

> Invoke-BoltLookup -Key key -PlanHierarchy plan_var=interpolation_me

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Invoke-BoltLookup -Key key -PlanHierarchy plan_var=interpolate_me
```

Also I just love the idea of someone saying "Interpolate me" 😂
